Update Readme (#4)
hmcts/terraform-module-shutter-static-webapp: README.md

# terraform-module-shutter-static-webapp
Shutter Static web app

### Architecture Diagram
![Architecture](shutter_architecture_diagram.drawio.png)

> ### Following resources are delopyed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Resources
```

    1) Azure static webapp
    2) CNAME Record `<appname>-shutter` pointing to static webapp url

>     3) Add a TXT record to verify the domain. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3) DNS TXT record to verify the domain. 
```

>     4) Creates a secret in azure-shutter-pages github repo. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4) Creates a GitHub secret in the azure-shutter-pages GitHub repository. 
```
